README.MD, before:

<h1 align="center">Compose Toast</h1><br>

<div align="center">
<a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0"><img alt="License" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg"/></a>
<a href="https://android-arsenal.com/api?level=21" rel="nofollow">
    <img alt="API" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/API-21%2B-brightgreen.svg?style=flat" style="max-width: 100%;">
</a>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Platform-Android-brightgreen.svg?logo=android" alt="Badge Android" />
		<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Platform-iOS%20%2F%20macOS-lightgrey.svg?logo=apple" alt="Badge iOS" />
		<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Platform-JVM-8A2BE2.svg?logo=openjdk" alt="Badge JVM" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Platform-WASM%20%2F%20JS-yellow.svg?logo=javascript" alt="Badge JS" />
<a href="https://github.com/the-best-is-best/"><img alt="Profile" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23181717.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" height="20"/></a>

</div>


Compose Toast package provides a simple and customizable implementation of Toast notifications for
Jetpack Compose Multiplatform applications. It allows developers to easily display transient
messages to users across Android, iOS, and desktop platforms.

## Download

[![Maven Central](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/io.github.the-best-is-best/compose_toast)](https://central.sonatype.com/artifact/io.github.the-best-is-best/compose_toast)

Compose Toast available on `mavenCentral()`.

```kotlin
implementation("io.github.the-best-is-best:compose_toast:1.2.0")
```


## How to use

```kotlin
     val stateToast = rememberAdvToastStates()

val coroutineScope = rememberCoroutineScope()

...

Box(modifier = Modifier.fillMaxSize()) {
    AdvToast.MakeToast(state = stateToast, toastType = EnumToastType.INFO, paddingBottom = 50)
}{
    .....

    ElevatedButton(onClick = {
    coroutineScope.launch {
        stateToast.show("Hello $name! Toast")
    }
}) {
    Text(text = "Show Toast")
}
}
...
 ```

### Types

```kotlin

enum class EnumToastType {
    SUCCESS, ERROR, WARNING, INFO
}
```

#### How make native toast

```kotlin
// work on ios and android only
NativeShowToast.show(
    "Native toast Native toast Native toast Native toast Native toast",
    NativeToastType.LONG
)

```

Commit message:

chore: Upgrade to AGP 9.0 and refactor Android app structure
This commit upgrades the project to use Android Gradle Plugin (AGP) 9.0.0 and Gradle 9.1.0, introducing significant structural changes to the Android sample application and build configurations.

- **Build & Dependency Updates:**
    - Android Gradle Plugin (AGP) version updated from `8.13.2` to `9.0.0`.
    - Gradle wrapper upgraded from `8.14.3` to `9.1.0`.
    - Library version in `ComposeToast/build.gradle.kts` bumped from `2.1.1` to `2.1.2`.
    - Several new Android-related properties were added to `gradle.properties` to ensure compatibility with AGP 9.0.
    - Build scripts (`ComposeToast` and `simple/composeApp`) now use the `com.android.kotlin.multiplatform.library` plugin instead of `com.android.library`.
    - `README.MD` is updated to provide separate implementation instructions for AGP 8 (`2.1.1`) and AGP 9 (`2.1.2`).
    - New dependencies added to `gradle/libs.versions.toml`, including `coreKtx`, `junit`, `espressoCore`, `appcompat`, and `material`.

- **Android Sample App Refactoring:**
    - The `simple/composeApp` module has been converted from an Android application to a multiplatform library.
    - A new Android application module, `simple/androidSimple`, has been created to house the Android-specific entry point and resources.
    - The `AppActivity` and `AndroidManifest.xml` have been moved from `composeApp` to the new `androidSimple` module.
    - All launcher icons and resource files have been relocated to `androidSimple`.

- **Web App Cleanup:**
    - The `webApp` Angular project, including its source code, tests, and VSCode configuration files, has been completely removed.

- **Code & Configuration Adjustments:**
    - The `androidTarget` configuration and its `instrumentedTestVariant` were removed from `ComposeToast` and `composeApp` build scripts.
    - The `App` composable in `simple/composeApp` is now public to be accessible from the new `androidSimple` module.

README.MD, after:

<h1 align="center">Compose Toast</h1><br>

<div align="center">
<a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0"><img alt="License" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg"/></a>
<a href="https://android-arsenal.com/api?level=21" rel="nofollow">
    <img alt="API" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/API-21%2B-brightgreen.svg?style=flat" style="max-width: 100%;">
</a>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Platform-Android-brightgreen.svg?logo=android" alt="Badge Android" />
		<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Platform-iOS%20%2F%20macOS-lightgrey.svg?logo=apple" alt="Badge iOS" />
		<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Platform-JVM-8A2BE2.svg?logo=openjdk" alt="Badge JVM" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Platform-WASM%20%2F%20JS-yellow.svg?logo=javascript" alt="Badge JS" />
<a href="https://github.com/the-best-is-best/"><img alt="Profile" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23181717.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" height="20"/></a>

</div>


Compose Toast package provides a simple and customizable implementation of Toast notifications for
Jetpack Compose Multiplatform applications. It allows developers to easily display transient
messages to users across Android, iOS, and desktop platforms.

## Download

[![Maven Central](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/io.github.the-best-is-best/compose_toast)](https://central.sonatype.com/artifact/io.github.the-best-is-best/compose_toast)

Compose Toast available on `mavenCentral()`.

#### For AGP 9

```kotlin
implementation("io.github.the-best-is-best:compose_toast:2.1.2")

```

#### For AGP 8

```kotlin
implementation("io.github.the-best-is-best:compose_toast:2.1.1")
```


## How to use

```kotlin
     val stateToast = rememberAdvToastStates()

val coroutineScope = rememberCoroutineScope()

...

Box(modifier = Modifier.fillMaxSize()) {
    AdvToast.MakeToast(state = stateToast, toastType = EnumToastType.INFO, paddingBottom = 50)
}{
    .....

    ElevatedButton(onClick = {
    coroutineScope.launch {
        stateToast.show("Hello $name! Toast")
    }
}) {
    Text(text = "Show Toast")
}
}
...
 ```

### Types

```kotlin

enum class EnumToastType {
    SUCCESS, ERROR, WARNING, INFO
}
```

#### How make native toast

```kotlin
NativeShowToast.show(
    "Native toast Native toast Native toast Native toast Native toast",
    NativeToastType.LONG
)

```

### JVM logo display if image added in /images/app_logo.png of resources
